relnote(Fx142): & inside at-scope blocks implicit specificity (#40809)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/142/index.md

- The {{HTMLElement('object')}} element no longer supports the deprecated `codebase` attribute. Use the [`data`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Reference/Elements/object#data) attribute instead. (See [Firefox bug 1973900](https://bugzil.la/1973900) for more details.)

### CSS

> - The [`&` selector](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Nesting_selector) inside {{cssxref("@scope")}} blocks no longer inherits the scope start
>   selector's [specificity](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_cascade/Specificity).
>   This makes `&` selectors in `@scope` consistent with [CSS nesting](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_nesting), avoiding unexpected specificity (see [CSS nesting and specificity](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_nesting/Nesting_and_specificity)).

Reviewer: - Although "blocks" is technically correct, removing it might make the sentence flow more smoothly.
- It's a pity we haven't explained `<scope-start>` in "Syntax" on the `@scope` page, though it comes up in [Formal syntax](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@scope#formal_syntax). We could have linked to it here.
- Instead of linking specificity, what do you think about linking to https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@scope#specificity_in_scope?
- "scope start": should it be "scope root" or "`scope-start`" or "`<scope-start`>"?
- Suggesting to change "selector's specificity" to "specificity of.." to avoid possessives
```suggestion
- The [`&` selector](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Nesting_selector) inside {{cssxref("@scope")}} no longer inherits the [specificity of the scope start selector](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@scope#specificity_in_scope).
  This makes `&` selectors in `@scope` consistent with [CSS nesting](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_nesting), avoiding unexpected specificity differences (see [CSS nesting and specificity](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_nesting/Nesting_and_specificity)).
```
